chore: Translate all documentation to English (#1054)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/storybook-react/src/Breadcrumb/Breadcrumb.docs.mdx

<Primary />

## Usage

- The `<Breadcrumb />` accepts a list of `<Breadcrumb.Item />` components as children.

>   Other types are filtered out and, therefore, not shown.

Reviewer: We don't currently do this

> - The `<Breadcrumb.Item />` requires a `href` prop, determining the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `<Breadcrumb.Item />` requires a `href` prop, determining where you go when you click on it.
```

- The `<Breadcrumb.Item />` goes up to 8 levels deep.

>   Deeper items are not shown.

Reviewer: We also don't do this currently
